# io.spfs.NeutoSpfs - the C# library for the NEM SPs

TestNet SP API Endpoint

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v0.0.1
- SDK version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- [RestSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 7.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet] (https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Api;
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Client;
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Model;
```
<a name="packaging"></a>
## Packaging

A `.nuspec` is included with the project. You can follow the Nuget quickstart to [create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#create-the-package) and [publish](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#publish-the-package) packages.

This `.nuspec` uses placeholders from the `.csproj`, so build the `.csproj` directly:

```
nuget pack -Build -OutputDirectory out io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.csproj
```

Then, publish to a [local feed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/local-feeds) or [other host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/overview) and consume the new package via Nuget as usual.

<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Api;
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Client;
using io.spfs.NeutoSpfs.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {

            var apiInstance = new AccountApi();

            try
            {
                // Generate a new Address along with Public and Private Keys
                GeneratedAccount result = apiInstance.GenerateAccountUsingGET();
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling AccountApi.GenerateAccountUsingGET: " + e.Message );
            }

        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8082/sp*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountApi* | [**GenerateAccountUsingGET**](docs/AccountApi.md#generateaccountusingget) | **GET** /account/generate | Generate a new Address along with Public and Private Keys
*AccountApi* | [**GetNemAddressDetailsUsingGET**](docs/AccountApi.md#getnemaddressdetailsusingget) | **GET** /account/get/{nemAddress} | Get the NEM Address Details
*DataHashApi* | [**GenerateByteArrayDataHashOnlyUsingPOST**](docs/DataHashApi.md#generatebytearraydatahashonlyusingpost) | **POST** /datahash/byte-array/hashonly | Generates the encrypted datahash of a file (in the form of byte array) only.
*DataHashApi* | [**GenerateDataHashOnlyUsingPOST**](docs/DataHashApi.md#generatedatahashonlyusingpost) | **POST** /datahash/hashonly | Generates the encrypted datahash of a file only.
*DataHashApi* | [**GenerateHashAndExposeByteArrayFileToNetworkUsingPOST**](docs/DataHashApi.md#generatehashandexposebytearrayfiletonetworkusingpost) | **POST** /datahash/generate/byte-array | Generates the encrypted datahash and uploads the file (in the form of byte array) in the process.
*DataHashApi* | [**GenerateHashAndExposeFileToNetworkUsingPOST**](docs/DataHashApi.md#generatehashandexposefiletonetworkusingpost) | **POST** /datahash/generate | Generates the encrypted datahash and uploads the file in the process.
*DataHashApi* | [**GenerateHashExposeFileToNetworkBuildAndSignUsingPOST**](docs/DataHashApi.md#generatehashexposefiletonetworkbuildandsignusingpost) | **POST** /datahash/generate-sign | This endpoint can be used to generate the transaction along with the data hash with the private key signature.
*DownloadsApi* | [**DownloadFileUsingNemHashAndEncryptedHashUsingGET**](docs/DownloadsApi.md#downloadfileusingnemhashandencryptedhashusingget) | **GET** /download/data/{nemhash} | Download resource/file using NEM Transaction Hash
*DownloadsApi* | [**DownloadPlainMessageFileUsingNemHashUsingGET**](docs/DownloadsApi.md#downloadplainmessagefileusingnemhashusingget) | **GET** /download/data/plain/{nemhash} | Download resource/file using NEM Transaction Hash
*DownloadsApi* | [**DownloadRawBytesSecureMessageFileUsingNemHashUsingGET**](docs/DownloadsApi.md#downloadrawbytessecuremessagefileusingnemhashusingget) | **GET** /download/data/secure/rawbytes/{nemhash} | Download resource/file using NEM Transaction Hash
*DownloadsApi* | [**DownloadSecureMessageFileUsingNemHashUsingGET**](docs/DownloadsApi.md#downloadsecuremessagefileusingnemhashusingget) | **GET** /download/data/secure/{nemhash} | Download resource/file using NEM Transaction Hash
*NodesApi* | [**CheckNodeUsingGET**](docs/NodesApi.md#checknodeusingget) | **GET** /node/check | Check if the Storage Node is up and running.
*NodesApi* | [**GetNodeInfoUsingGET**](docs/NodesApi.md#getnodeinfousingget) | **GET** /node/info | Get Storage Node Information
*PublishApi* | [**AnnounceRequestPublishDataSignatureReturnHashOnlyUsingPOST**](docs/PublishApi.md#announcerequestpublishdatasignaturereturnhashonlyusingpost) | **POST** /publish/announce/return-hash-only | Announce the DataHash to NEM/P2P Storage and P2P Database and only returns the Nem Transaction Hash
*PublishApi* | [**AnnounceRequestPublishDataSignatureUsingPOST**](docs/PublishApi.md#announcerequestpublishdatasignatureusingpost) | **POST** /publish/announce | Announce the DataHash to NEM/P2P Storage and P2P Database
*PublishApi* | [**PublishAndSendMultipleFilesToAddressUsingPOST**](docs/PublishApi.md#publishandsendmultiplefilestoaddressusingpost) | **POST** /publish/multi/to/{address} | Store multiple files that can only be access by the given address
*PublishApi* | [**PublishAndSendSingleFileToAddressUsingPOST**](docs/PublishApi.md#publishandsendsinglefiletoaddressusingpost) | **POST** /publish/single/to/{address} | Store a single file that can only be access by the given address
*PublishApi* | [**PublishAndSendSingleFileToAddressesUsingPOST**](docs/PublishApi.md#publishandsendsinglefiletoaddressesusingpost) | **POST** /publish/single/to/addresses | Store a single file that can only be access by the given addresses
*SearchApi* | [**GrabPlainMessageTransactionUsingGET**](docs/SearchApi.md#grabplainmessagetransactionusingget) | **GET** /search/transaction/plain/{nemhash} | NEM Transaction Hash based file lookup.
*SearchApi* | [**GrabSsecureMessageTransactionUsingGET**](docs/SearchApi.md#grabssecuremessagetransactionusingget) | **GET** /search/transaction/secure/{nemhash} | NEM Transaction Hash based file lookup.
*SearchApi* | [**GrabTransactionUsingGET**](docs/SearchApi.md#grabtransactionusingget) | **GET** /search/transaction/{nemhash} | NEM Transaction Hash based file lookup.
*SearchApi* | [**SearchAssetWithKeyUsingGET**](docs/SearchApi.md#searchassetwithkeyusingget) | **GET** /search/text/{searchKey} | Key/Text-based search of available files.
*SearchApi* | [**SearchAssetWithNemHashUsingGET**](docs/SearchApi.md#searchassetwithnemhashusingget) | **GET** /search/data/{nemhash} | NEM Transaction Hash based file lookup.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.Account](docs/Account.md)
 - [Model.AccountInfo](docs/AccountInfo.md)
 - [Model.AccountMetaData](docs/AccountMetaData.md)
 - [Model.AccountMetaDataPair](docs/AccountMetaDataPair.md)
 - [Model.Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Model.Amount](docs/Amount.md)
 - [Model.BinaryTransactionEncryptedMessage](docs/BinaryTransactionEncryptedMessage.md)
 - [Model.BlockAmount](docs/BlockAmount.md)
 - [Model.GeneratedAccount](docs/GeneratedAccount.md)
 - [Model.KeyPair](docs/KeyPair.md)
 - [Model.MultisigInfo](docs/MultisigInfo.md)
 - [Model.PrivateKey](docs/PrivateKey.md)
 - [Model.PublicKey](docs/PublicKey.md)
 - [Model.RequestAnnounceDataSignature](docs/RequestAnnounceDataSignature.md)
 - [Model.ResponseEntity](docs/ResponseEntity.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
